3
15
2
true false true false true false 
true true true false false true 
true true true false true true 
true false false false true true 
true true false false true true 
true true false false true true 
true true false true true true 
true false false true true false 
true true false true false true 
false false true true true true 
true false true true true false 
true true true false false true 
false true true true true false 
true false true true false true 
true true false false true true 
true false true true true true 
false true true true true true 
true false false true true true 
false true true false true true 
false true true false true true 
true true true false true true 
true true false true true true 
false true false true true false 
true true false true false true 
false true true true true false 
true true true true false false 
false true true true false true 
